hey everybody I just want to share my
2014 specialized tool a comp smart wheel
bike it's my first road bike so I've
been pretty excited about it I've had
about a month I've ridden about 60 miles
or so re on it and great it's much
different from what I'm used to compared
to a mountain bike so I intend on riding
this a lot more than I did in the past
while my other bikes so I've added a few
different accessories on this bike as
you can see in this video here I was
debating between this bike and the giant
defy one which I believe is about the
same price range and I chose this route
mainly for the specialized name that I
have already had in the past plus I just
liked the way it looked and and it felt
better to me when I was test riding them
so I scale closer on some of the
accessories the first one is a back seat
bag here I believe it's called the
specialized mini wedgie
this bag is great because that holds an
extra tube with a multi-tool kid levers
and whatnot so just enough it's not too
bulky or big so I like it a lot
next little accessories I've added was
the water bottle cages along with the
Camelback podium water bottles and these
are great because they keep your
beverage nice and she'll because they're
insulated so also here you can see is
the specialized little mini pump I've
added and that's always nice to have a
pump in case you get a flat out on the
road I chose this right over the co2
route but I might go to the co2 and just
put it in my little back bag here so
globally I'm sure to be a lot easier out
on the road and much quicker too so next
is my top bar bag here and I got this
bag here it's great because first off
its magnetic here so when it closes
there's no velcro to get caught or kind
of wear out over time
I'm sure the magnet will but for now it
just seems much more secure than I've
had in the past on other bags inside I
keep my iPhone charger and cables
to charge my phone my ID and whatnot out
on the road so and why this bag is nice
here is because right here I have a quad
lock iPhone mount and that's where I put
my phone when I'm out on the road and I
keep track of all my stuff going on I
have my straw hat running in the
background plus my music so that's great
to have there it is very securely
attached so I did a lot of research on
those and I felt this was the best one
for me it was less bulky I cuz I found
other ones that just made your phone it
was extremely big and bulky and I'll put
my phone on here and you won't be able
to see the funk and I'm recording with
it but you'll see how it attaches so
here it goes so it's on the bike here
nice and secure so anyway so that's my
2014 la bike so it's a great bike if
you're in the market if you're looking
for a bike I think this is a great one
to get obviously it's a little bit
pricier than your entry level bike of
like seven eight hundred bucks that I
saw so but I felt the upgrades and the
price was justified
anyway we'll see you on the road have
fun peace